The intervalometer of Magic Lantern is useful function to record time lapses
the timelapses can be done with video or photos
I dont recommend doing it with video because the resolution is only up to 1920 pixels
and the file would occupy more disk space
So what id prefer is to set Manual Mode in the case of the t2i/550D
and turn on the intervalometer, here you have 3 options
the first is to take the picture every "X" time
the second option lets you start the timelapse after "X" time
so you can step away from the camera and dont move it pressing buttons
and the last option will determine how many pics you want to take
the great thing about this is that it shows below how much time will it take to take that many pics
and at 24 frames per seconds how much video time will it fill
another interesting function is the Bulb Ramping
this will let you make very small light changes automatically
so you can make sunset/sunrise time lapses
the first option in the bulb ramping is the optimization
for either sunrise or sunset or auto
the second option is the maximum light change jumps
between on photo and the next
in this case is set to 0.1 f stop
you have a third option
that lets you make
manual light changes as low as 0.001 f stop
and you have a fourth option that will let you change the focus point automatically
just remember to turn on the autofocus at the lens
one thing you have to have in mind is that the white rectangle
this rectangle position is where the camera will make the light metering for the bulb
so the first thing you have to do before a time-lapse
is to take a well exposed pic
then go to the menu, turn on intervalometer
select how many photos and time
the go to bulb ramping, select whether is a sunrise or sunset
and the put the white rectangle in a good position
so that the camera can measure the light correctly
and can perceive the light changes in the frame
the camera will take a couple of seconds for some processing
some curves for the bulb ramping
and finally it will ask you for a well exposed photo, that would be the photo
you took earlier
then it will ask you for a percentage of luma
its complicated but in general terms 50% its ok
a good tip is to underexpose the phoro when your doing a sunset